A mental health professional is a health care practitioner or social and human services provider who offers services for the purpose of improving an individual's mental health or to treat mental disorders.


centura Health is the largest health care ecosystem across Colarado and western african, on a mission to support your whole health

Dr Andriy Danyltsiv
ANAESTHETIST
Dr. Andriy Danyltsiv, citizen of Ukraine is a Consultant Anaesthetist and Critical Care Specialist, and he has over 15 years working experience in the specialty of Anesthesiology.

Dr. Danyltsiv is very experienced in doing different types of general and regional anaesthesia in traumatology, orthopaedics, general and laparoscopic surgeries, neurosurgery, oncology, gynaecology, obstetrics, anaesthesia for labour, ENT, maxillary-facial surgery, plastic surgery, for adults and children, urgency and emergencies.

In his career, he has performed over eight thousand different types of anaesthesia with excellent outcome with good track record of not losing a single patient.

Dr Vini Kapoor
ANAESTHETIST
Dr Vini Kapoor has over 25 years of experience in anaesthesiology. She rose from the cadres of Consultant, Sr. Consultant, Principal Consultant to Director-Anesthesia in over a period of 25 year and was responsible for the installation of three new operation theatres during her tenure.

She brings with her, the extensive exposure to high volume Perioperative Anesthesia care for all specialties :-  General Surgery;  MIS; OBGY; Major GI Surgery; Uro surgery; Plastic, Cosmetic, Maxi facial;  Geriatric; Joint Replacement; Major Ortho-Trauma; ENT; EYE; Day Care Anaesthesia; ERCP; Painless Deliveries ( Labour Anaesthesia ).

Dr Vini Kapoor is a compassionate anaesthetist dedicated thoroughly to the patient-centred quality care and patient safety and rightly states,” Anesthesia is the most humane of all of man’s accomplishments, and what a merciful accomplishment it was.”


Promise Okonkwo
AUDIOLOGIST
Promise E. Okonkwo (AUDIOLOGIST)

Promise Okonkwo is currently a Clinical Audiologist at Evercare Hospital Lekki and the Healthy Hearing Clinical Director for Special Olympics Nigeria.

He is a trained Audiologist and Speech Language Pathologist with experience in advance diagnostics, hearing and balance disorders, speech therapy, rehabilitations, and hearing amplification technologies.

Promise is a licensed professional with Medical Rehabilitation Board Therapist of Nigeria (MRTB) and a member of Speech Pathologist and Audiologist association in Nigeria (SPAAN).

His clinical interests involve adults, paediatrics, advance diagnostics, hearing technologies, healthcare leadership, and hhumanitarian outreaches.

Dr. Amitkumar Sharma
INTERVENTIONAL CARDIOLOGIST
Dr. Amitkumar Sharma is an Interventional Cardiologist with ample experience in diverse interventional cardiology procedures, both routine and complex.

Dr. Sharma has successfully completed MBBS and MD internal medicine from Government medical colleges, located at Miraj and Jammu, India respectively and went to the prestigious Sri Sathya Sai Institute of Higher Medical Sciences (SSSIHMS), Prashanthigram for his super specialization in Cardiology.


Dr Paul Rony
CRITICAL CARE
Dr Paul is an Intensivist with core specialty training in Critical Care and has more than 9 years of experience as an Intensive care doctor, both working in organized units as well as setting up new units, their processes and protocols.

Over the years, he has seen numerous surgical and medical cases and has handled a wide range of critical care issues including varying degrees of sepsis and is very knowledgeable in managing organ support, bedside procedures, antibiotic selection, and infection control practices. He has successfully managed patients with a wide range of diseases involving neurological, cardiac, respiratory, kidney, liver, endocrine diseases, obstetrics, trauma and burns. A wide range of toxicological cases including snake bites have also been treated by Dr Paul.  He has wide experience in managing patients with severe ARDS and is proficient in advanced ventilatory practices and ECMO. He is also adept in ultrasonography in the ICU. Dr Paul was also part of the team that initiated Cadaveric donor transplants and formulated policies for the same in his hospital in India. He has experience handling post- transplant patients including liver and kidney.


Dr Fatimah Habeebu Adeyemi
OBSTETRICIAN AND GYNAECOLOGIST
Dr. Habeebu-Adeyemi is an obstetrician gynaecologist and certified gynaecology minimal access surgeon with areas of interest include in fetal medicine, gynae-oncology and Minimal Access surgery.

Dr. Habeebu-Adeyemi was awarded the Ruth Griffith’s prize for the Master Public Health International at Galaxy Care Laparoscopy Institute in India where she was certified as a Laparoscopic surgeon on completion of the course in 2019.


Dr. Chioma Eyisi
FAMILY MEDICINE PHYSICIAN
Dr. Chioma Eyisi is a Consultant Family Physician and Lifestyle Medicine specialist with Evercare Hospital Lekki.

At Evercare Hospital, her role involves providing holistic medical and patient-centered care to individuals of all age groups and with undifferentiated ailments at the general out-patient clinic. She also provides wellness care and counselling services.

Dr. Eyisi is a dedicated doctor. She commenced her career as a clinician in 2009 and has worked in various health institutions in Nigeria and in the United Kingdom. She has a keen interest in the prevention, treatment and reversal of specific chronic diseases through lifestyle changes.


Dr Olaoluwa Edward Jolayemi
NEUROSURGEON
Dr. Edward Jolayemi is a Neurosurgeon with experience in a diverse range of brain and spine pathologies.

He is a radiates of the College of Medicine, University of Lagos. He had his neurosurgical training at the Lagos University Teaching Hospital, with additional neurosurgical exposure at the Groote Schuur Hospital, Cape Town South Africa. 

His competence spans the fields of neuro- trauma, neuro- oncology, paediatric neurosurgery, pituitary surgery, neurovascular and spine surgeries.

Dr Lakmeel Kannachamkandy
PAEDIATRICIAN AND NEONATAL INTENSIVIST
Dr Lakmeel Kannachamkandy (MBBS/MD/FIN) a neonatologist & pediatric physician who is extremely skilled and have a broad range of experience in providing care to critical infants who require special care with complex heart disease, respiratory problems, congenital anomalies, birth asphyxia and prematurity.

Dr Kandy had his bachelor’s degree MBBS from Wuhan university in 2011 with scholarship. Started his career journey of pediatrician as full-time pediatric resident in 2013 from Kasturba medical college (Manipal university )which is one of the pioneer institutions of India. He also acquired ample experience and skills in pediatrics and neonatology after working in many government and private tertiary care hospital as senior pediatric & neonatology consultant. following that  he also had his advanced neonatology fellowship training from aster MIMS, India.


Dr Mirabel Nwosu
CARDIOLOGIST
Dr. Mirabel Nwosu is a Consultant Cardiologist with valuable clinical cardiology experience including basic and advanced cardiac life support, management of cardiac emergencies and basic interventional cardiology skills through the performance of multiple procedures. 

Dr. Nwosu has completed her advanced fellowship training in interventional cardiology at Care Hospital, India during which time she performed diverse interventional cardiology procedures including coronary angiograms and stenting with good outcomes.



Dr Basil Okoh
CARDIOLOGIST
Dr Okoh Basil Ewere is a Consultant Physician and Cardiologist with additional interests in Basic life support(BLS) and Advanced cardiac life support ( ACLS) .

In his quest to serve humanity, he took up appointment as a cardiologist to run a cardiology clinic with over 100 patients weekly and conducted over a thousand Echocardiographies.

He joined Evercare Hospital Lekki in November 2020 as a full time cardiologist to play his part in expanding the frontiers of health practice in Nigeria. He is a member of the Nigerian society of Cardiology.

form .input{
    padding:5px;
    border-radius:4px;
    border: 1px solid  #ec5242;;
    background-color:  #ec5242;
}

form .send-button{
    color: white;
    text-align: center;
}

<form action="">
                        <h5>Email us</h5>
                        <input class="name input" type="text" name="" id="" placeholder='Your name'>
                        <input class="email input" type="text" name="" id="" placeholder='Your email'>
                        <textarea class="message input" name="" id="" cols="30" rows="5" placeholder="Your message"></textarea>
                        <button class="send-button input" type="submit">Send</button>
                    </form>